[Music]
welcome to the breakdown where we break
down all the grossest movies today we
are gladly going back to france for
another extremity only the french kiss
ground up
that film is in my skin but before we go
deeper into it we do have a word from
our sponsor because quite honestly you
need to hear this
look honestly i think you're lacking
how because you're not rocking an
excellent timepiece on your wrist
you can't just put any old watch on you
need something with some crafts
something with some style
and still fair and ventura watches is
where you get all of that
and then some ventura watches wants to
make sure you
and me step up our game and each watch
is crafted with much more material
and much more design than just any old
watch that you slap
on your wrist and over 22 thousand five
star reviews
speaks to how awesome these watches are
there are over eight collections for men
and six
collections for women and each
collection has plenty colors
and interchangeable straps that will
easily go with whatever is your style
now please ignore my failed
cinematography experience
now as you see here i have the chronos
rose golden
so i really love this whole design that
scratch resistant glass the stainless
steel all around
and i'm sure you'll enjoy the same
things plus how exquisite that packaging
is
but just look at the back not only is
there the cool motto live your legacy
but there is also vini vidi vici i came
i saw i conquered engraved and right
below it
is a piece of historic italian marble
but
that's literally just the watches now
it's summer too
and they have lots of new sunglasses to
fit your style too
now they got some high quality
sunglasses here too fully polarized and
they're getting bought quickly so make
sure you cop a pair of those too
so again ventura watches is here to make
sure you rule the day
and feel the best you can be now vincero
and spooky partnered up so make sure you
click that link in the description
to make sure you get my top picks before
they're gone
also you can get 15 off your purchase if
you use the code spooky at checkout
let me repeat click on the link in the
description
and use the code spooky to get 15
off and get you on the road to looking
clean and feeling
clean again thanks to vincero watches
for sponsoring this video they're really
helping us out today
so back to in my skin esther has a
ventura watch
and she's up for a promotion she's got a
loving boyfriend
everything is great for her well until
an accident causes her to literally
devolve into self-destruction
remember splatter naked blood hungry but
how about mother from cutting moments in
my skin was directed by marina devon
who also took the role of the main
character esther to show us precisely
how interested
esther becomes in injuring herself this
is the kind
of film i started this channel for it's
classic disturbing breakdown material
and we're about to get right into it if
you want to see what happens including
all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown q to gohan
well i can say this is the first time
i've ever seen divided credits before
weirdly it's images instead of video but
it's fine
soon we get introduced to esther a
professional with a chill boyfriend that
apparently really loves her
now esther is on the way to a promotion
and she and her colleague friend
sandrine go to a high class party to
mingle
and probably get on the boss's good side
esther decides to roam all around the
property for some reason though
just taking in her position i guess well
it's really dark
and she doesn't see some metal on the
ground and falls straight on it
now she gets up all fine and dandy but
she's not okay
she'll realize soon enough back inside
see how jealous
sandriane looks at esther esther's
feeling good because she has that
woman's collection arrows mess
rose white with the flat leather
chestnut strap and sandra and can't
stand
it but also she's dancing with her boss
who seems to think her
a better employee than sandrine she
drags her away from the party but right
before they leave
esther takes another shrole around the
house she finds
blood on the carpet soon and then
realizes
that's her blood how did you not notice
this harsh injury all over your leg
analyzing it puts her mind in a trance
and you can even hear a faint echo
before she breaks out of it
when sandrian looks for her maybe she
fell on some metal from the metal
fetishes
in tetsuo still one of the biggest
questions
is how did she not feel such an injury
until much
later the doctor here asks the same
question and even suggests that maybe
she has a problem up in the brain
department
she'll need surgery for it to heal
evenly but she doesn't seem to care
about the leg
healing or looking better she dismisses
surgery for it pretty nonchalantly
now i can't show this nudity but she is
pretty interested in all of her skin at
this point
this is a really nasty wound probably
should keep those bandages on
her boyfriend walks in and soon he
explains that he doesn't think she's
taking that injury
serious enough well the weirdest part is
the fact that she didn't react to it
they start to argue about it but he
usually backs down pretty quickly at her
insistence
honestly the closest reasons we get to
why she is so interested in wounds and
skin
is when she has to rewrite something at
work that probably didn't even need
revising
while happy to revise she is also happy
to find herself alone
in a storage closet and find metal tools
now this might make you cringe so beware
she digs and gashes at her injured leg
and eventually she
cuts away and creates even more injury
above the accident
it's scenes like this that remind me why
i started this series
perfect disturbing breakdown right here
back to work like nothing happened head
ass
soon she shrugs hanging around sandrine
and i'm very sorry if i'm saying her
name the wrong way
but they are just going to like go on a
coffee break or get a bite or something
like that
but sandria just growls at her to get
away see
i thought y'all were close friends
sandrian is jealous of how fast esther
is moving on up in the company
all that goes out the window when esther
literally and seriously says
she's been cutting herself in the
storage room now sandrian is a little
more worried
and makes esther spend the night with
her that means making sure
anything esther could use to cut herself
is out of her hands
it's funny she likes to blurt out that
she harms herself
but doesn't want to talk about it i
understand though but soon
the conversation shifts again to
sandrine feeling like a stooge
compared to esther moving on up to that
manager position
i mean sandrine is the one who
introduced esther
still be proud of your friend y'all know
each other since college right sandrian
feels the same jealousy at a pool party
as she watches esther get a promotion
just like that
i remember this one dude at one of my
old jobs had just started
and immediately he was trained to be a
manager since his dad was the owner
he was really a [ __ ] too and just a
lazy ass [ __ ] who got fired
in the dumbest way possible but esther
she's different she's actually good
sandrian was so mad that when esther got
jumped to be thrown in the pool
she just watched esther's injury would
have caused the big bloodbath
plus her women's collection arrows mesh
silver and turkish blue with the fog and
silver strap
is only three atmosphere it's not cool
for pools
well there goes that friendship esther
doesn't help herself when she starts
looking all crazy at the pool though
probably because of all the leaking
blood which only heightens her need to
destroy her leg more
the next morning she finds that her left
arm is uncontrollable
it's limp and dead basically but it goes
back to normal when people
interact with it back at work sandrian
stops in esther's office to spark up
in conversation but it ends awkwardly
just asking for a check for the pants
that esther bled through at the pool
party
esther let the friendship drop just like
that still
it's all business now this is where her
aerosmash will shine perfectly it's time
for a business dinner
it goes well enough but soon esther
literally just becomes
uninvolved and awkward her left arm has
completely went lip
and she can't move it out of nowhere her
left arm literally falls
off just sitting there for anybody to
see
of course she is the only person who can
see it
soon the anxious compulsion to start
stabbing away at her arm
it just starts to take over her i'd like
to be careful
showing that since youtube seems to have
a hatred of arm slashing whenever i
upload it plus the other colleagues
notice her acting weird
i think showing their faces back and
forth makes that anxious feeling really
pop
out soon she literally runs away to the
wine cellar area and starts cutting into
herself more
but stops when a worker notices her
knife and blood all on the floor
after the awkward dinner she checks into
some hotel close by
and starts gnawing at her arm like a
turkey leg from the fair
those hungry butt vibes from naked blood
pop in but this doesn't seem erotic at
all
just inquisitive really soon she gets
back to her senses
and seeing that her boyfriend is worried
sick plus a car accident to make it look
like she got her injuries that way
the police believe it and so does her
boyfriend
but just a little doubt exists when he
sees her leg got injured more
plus she doesn't seem to be in any pain
well she made it to work the next day
only to get lectured by her boss for
acting so immature during the business
dinner
one more mistake like that and sandriane
is going to be
replacing her permanently if she wore
her arrows mesh during the dinner
then she would have been fine probably
respectfully so i might add
she could use some support something her
boyfriend is struggling to give her
since she didn't really talk to him
about anything regarding her injuries
sometime later esther is walking through
a shopping area when she starts
saying all slow and blurry maybe it was
that
anxious compulsion to cut herself again
so focused on satisfying that compulsion
that half and half screen starts to pop
up again she bought a camera and knives
to literally slash all around her body
and take pictures of each wound then we
can see how bloody and scary she looks
honestly
she kind of looks like a windigo right
now and this hungry wendigo would love
to slash her
face as well we don't really see that
but we can see later how bruised she is
when she goes to a pharmacist for help
she wants to preserve some skin and he
helpfully tells her that
tanning it like leather would work he
thinks she's just a weird lady who just
got out of surgery though
okay so the movie ends in another hotel
room
esther calls her boyfriend to tell him
she won't make it to his apartment
tonight
she is busy she also seems to call work
to explain all those missing work days
the next morning she is saddened to see
that piece of her skin she cut off is
all
dry it failed to preserve but
she puts it directly into her bra to
keep it
right there close to her before quickly
leaving the room
and the movie ends with her post and
looking blankly at the camera
i honestly kind of like that ending well
that was a very interesting film to
watch
and honestly something i could
definitely see myself going back to
watch
another time still now we have to go
over the most disturbing moment
and most enjoy a moment and that's
spooky stuff cue to gohan
[Music]
so it would seem natural to assume that
mental illness of some kind
got to esther that's what makes it so
scary
when even it can cause issues for people
at any level
still to just fall on a random piece of
metal and get a cannibalistic urge to
hurt yourself
is something i couldn't imagine unless
powerful drugs were the cause
the most disturbing moments is easily
each moment of self-mutilation
i guess the worst one for me
specifically was near the end when she
had cuts all over her
and were just looking all scary like
that the most enjoyed moment is probably
how it showed
esther losing her mind basically with
her compulsion to cut herself
whether it was after the pool party at
the dinner at the shopping place
it was pretty interesting to see how
situations were filmed that way
and that's it i really like this film
but we should show full respect towards
the disturbing movies that come from
france
i made a playlist specifically for that
and it will get bigger so consider
checking that out
make sure you click the like button and
subscribe if you want to see more
extreme
again thanks for ventura watches for
sponsoring the video and helping us out
thanks for watching spooky out